


<!DOCTYPE html>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
  <head>
    <meta charset="utf-8" />
    <title>2020-11-18 conda-forge core meeting &#8212; conda-forge 2021.03.15 documentation</title>
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_static/cloud.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="../../_static/pygments.css" type="text/css" />
    <link rel="stylesheet" href="//fonts.googleapis.com/css?family=Noticia+Text|Open+Sans|Droid+Sans+Mono" type="text/css" />
    
    <script id="documentation_options" data-url_root="../../" src="../../_static/documentation_options.js"></script>
    <script src="../../_static/jquery.js"></script>
    <script src="../../_static/underscore.js"></script>
    <script src="../../_static/doctools.js"></script>
    <script src="../../_static/language_data.js"></script>

    
    
     
        <script src="../../_static/jquery.cookie.js"></script>
    

    
     
        <script src="../../_static/cloud.base.js"></script>
    

    
     
        <script src="../../_static/cloud.js"></script>
    

    <link rel="index" title="Index" href="../../genindex.html" />
    <link rel="search" title="Search" href="../../search.html" />
    <link rel="next" title="2020-11-11 conda-forge core meeting" href="2020-11-11.html" />
    <link rel="prev" title="Core team meeting minutes" href="00_intro.html" /> 
        <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1">
  </head><body>
    <div class="relbar-top">
        
    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navigation</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../genindex.html" title="General Index"
             accesskey="I">index</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="2020-11-11.html" title="2020-11-11 conda-forge core meeting"
             accesskey="N">next</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="00_intro.html" title="Core team meeting minutes"
             accesskey="P">previous</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
    <li><a href="../../index.html">conda-forge 2021.03.15 documentation</a> &#187;</li>

          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../00_intro.html" >Organisation Documentation</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="00_intro.html" accesskey="U">Core team meeting minutes</a> &#187;</li> 
      </ul>
    </div>
    </div>
  

    <div class="document">
      <div class="documentwrapper">
        <div class="bodywrapper">
          <div class="body" role="main">
            
  <div class="section" id="conda-forge-core-meeting">
<h1>2020-11-18 conda-forge core meeting<a class="headerlink" href="#conda-forge-core-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h1>
<hr class="docutils" />
<p><a class="reference external" href="https://flatiron.zoom.us/j/93242638216?pwd=bjRCWmVJRW1oTGJhN09VUmxtTTJOUT09">Zoom link</a>
<a class="reference external" href="https://arewemeetingyet.com/UTC/2020-08-26/17:00/w/Conda-forge%20dev%20meeting#eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2hhY2ttZC5pby9wUk15dFVKV1FmU3NJM2xvMGlqQzJRP2VkaXQifQ==">What time is the meeting in my time zone</a>
<a class="reference external" href="https://hackmd.io/r5eeo5cGQ7iHG1IgpB6axQ">last weeks meeting</a></p>
<div class="section" id="attendees">
<h2>Attendees<a class="headerlink" href="#attendees" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h2>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>Filipe Fernandes</p></li>
<li><p>CJ</p></li>
<li><p>Nikolay</p></li>
<li><p>Eric Dill</p></li>
<li><p>Cheng Lee</p></li>
<li><p>Connor Martin</p></li>
<li><p>John Kirkham</p></li>
<li><p>Ray Douglas</p></li>
<li><p>Chris Burr</p></li>
<li><p>Marcel Bargull</p></li>
<li><p>Paul Ivanov</p></li>
<li><p>Isuru</p></li>
<li><p>Michael Sarahan</p></li>
<li><p>Crystal Soja</p></li>
<li><p>Wolf</p></li>
<li><p>Sylvain Corlay</p></li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section" id="agenda">
<h2>Agenda<a class="headerlink" href="#agenda" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h2>
<div class="section" id="standing-items">
<h3>Standing items<a class="headerlink" href="#standing-items" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] intros for new folks on the call</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Nikolay from intel</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (CJ) budget</p>
<ul>
<li><p>current approvals?</p></li>
<li><p>Whenever updated numbers land, please screenshare and show the budget.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Link is in Keybase (numfocus_spreadsheets.txt)</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>(CJ) We’re all up to date and Oct P&amp;L hasn’t been published yet</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] open votes</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/ED/SC) Roadmap / Funding</p>
<ul>
<li><p>goal is to spend 15 minutes each core meeting for ~3-4 meetings to discuss this</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Save last 15 minutes for this.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>https://hackmd.io/0zGSUS71SbOdBsdLtDmGjg</p></li>
<li><p>notes will get added to hackmd above</p></li>
<li><p>MRB will collate into a document of sorts</p></li>
<li><p>some resources</p>
<ol class="simple">
<li><p>Some numbers:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>https://github.com/conda-forge/by-the-numbers/blob/master/conda-forge-timelines.ipynb</p></li>
<li><p>conda-forge has added about 3k feedstocks per year in 2019 and will in 2020</p></li>
<li><p>the growth in the amount of data we store appears to be accelerating</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>risk measurements</p>
<ul>
<li><p>CJ deserves all of the credit for this idea</p></li>
<li><p>https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ADNNauwVZWUsEdlh5aEg0OLjyDWvCX7PLoo-K34EqcM/edit#gid=0</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ol>
</li>
<li><p>going to skip today due to my own constraints</p></li>
<li><p>TODO:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Everyone take a look at the pypa roadmap:</p></li>
<li><p>fill out the risk measurement spread sheet:
https://github.com/psf/fundable-packaging-improvements/blob/master/FUNDABLES.md</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="section" id="from-previous-meeting-s">
<h4>From previous meeting(s)<a class="headerlink" href="#from-previous-meeting-s" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] (MB) asking core members to move to “emeritus” status</p>
<ul>
<li><p>TODO: Eric to set up quarterly check-in for all core members to see if they’re interested in remaining “active” or if they want to move to emeritus</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Remove emeritus folks from having access to various credentials (api tokens, twitter password, etc.)? This would require a change to the governance doc.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (CJ) We seem to have some artifacts that have more files than expected</p>
<ul>
<li><p>~4~ 5 pkgs ship requests (other than requests itself) see below</p></li>
<li><p>What should we do about these?</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Old pkgs</p></li>
<li><p>Newer/latest pkgs</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Track on issue here: https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/1189</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<div class="highlight-default notranslate"><div class="highlight"><pre><span></span><span class="s1">&#39;apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py27_1000&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py36_1000&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py37_1000&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;apache-libcloud-2.4.0-py_1000&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;autovizwidget-0.12.6-py_1000&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;dbxfs-1.0.38-py_0&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-api-core-1.20.0-py36h9f0ad1d_0&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-api-core-1.20.0-py37hc8dfbb8_0&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-api-core-1.20.0-py38h32f6830_0&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-api-core-1.20.1-py36h9f0ad1d_0&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-api-core-1.20.1-py37hc8dfbb8_0&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-api-core-1.20.1-py38h32f6830_0&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-cloud-bigquery-storage-core-2.0.0-pyh9f0ad1d_1&#39;</span><span class="p">,</span>
<span class="s1">&#39;google-cloud-bigquery-storage-core-2.0.1-pyh9f0ad1d_0&#39;</span>
</pre></div>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section" id="your-new-agenda-items">
<h3>Your <strong>new</strong>() agenda items<a class="headerlink" href="#your-new-agenda-items" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] (IF/MRB/MV) intel oneAPI</p>
<ul>
<li><p>TL;DR it appears we are free to ship the oneAPI compiler stack from intel</p></li>
<li><p>See these issues:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes/pull/12527#pullrequestreview-531443464</p></li>
<li><p>https://github.com/conda-forge/intel_repack-feedstock/issues/16</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>License issues</p>
<ul>
<li><p>can we ship software other than ISSL?</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Place to raise issues</p>
<ul>
<li><p>eg: MKL 2020.4 is segfaulting on an SVD</p></li>
<li><p>eg: TBB 2020.4 is not available for win/osx because of a hang</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>rough plan</p>
<ul>
<li><p>figure out what exactly we’d like to ship</p>
<ul>
<li><p>full intel compiler stack on conda-forge?</p></li>
<li><p>repackage intel provided conda-packages of the compilers?</p></li>
<li><p>intelmpi</p></li>
<li><p>opencl_rt</p></li>
<li><p>dpcpp_rt</p></li>
<li><p>oneCCL</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>do the thing</p>
<ul>
<li><p>implement archspec stuff so we can turn on higher level SIMD optimization levels</p>
<ul>
<li><p>plan to make work for gcc and clang too</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>allow people to optionally add intel stuff to their feedstocks via migrator (like aarch/ppc and osx arm) or admin command</p>
<ul>
<li><p>(IF): Why would we need a migrator?</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB): make things nice for people</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB): solve any abi issues around fortran or other runtimes?</p></li>
<li><p>(IF): This would be a huge rebuild with little to no benefit for 99.9% of packages</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB): OK - happy to use an admin command to add it to feedstocks as needed</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>Other notes</p>
<ul>
<li><p>https://github.com/jeffhammond/dpcpp-tutorial</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>todo</p>
<ul>
<li><p>[ ] (Nikolay) licensing for opencl_rt</p></li>
<li><p>[X] (Nikolay) intelmpi ABI compat w/ mpich
* Yes, Intel MPI have ABI compatibility and have plans to support it going forward</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) figure out how exactly to package C/C++ compilers</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) think about fortran ABI</p></li>
<li><p>[x] (MRB) make conda-forge compilers room (add people including keith)</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (CJ) Diversity and Inclusion Sub-team</p>
<ul>
<li><p>https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/pull/1187</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (CJ) Please fill out the critical infrastructure survey</p>
<ul>
<li><p>https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1ADNNauwVZWUsEdlh5aEg0OLjyDWvCX7PLoo-K34EqcM/edit#gid=0</p></li>
<li><p>results so far: https://nbviewer.jupyter.org/gist/beckermr/9c0f5aa71720cf1b18646ccd0c3ab40f</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (MRB) bot now supports PRs into branches!</p>
<ul>
<li><p>(UK) Thanks!</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (SC) OVH is giving us s3 storage that should be enough for storing all of CF alongside the VM</p>
<ul>
<li><p>MSFT would be able to give CF credits for hosting ~$10k</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section" id="pushed-to-next-meeting">
<h3>Pushed to next meeting<a class="headerlink" href="#pushed-to-next-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) pybind11 packaging</p>
<ul>
<li><p>issue: https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-pinning-feedstock/pull/849#issuecomment-727207060</p></li>
<li><p>we agreed to a pybind11-abi metapackage that</p>
<ul>
<li><p>is versioned with the pybind11 internal abi</p></li>
<li><p>has a run export on itself</p></li>
<li><p>pybind11 will have a run_constrained on its version</p></li>
<li><p>can be optionally added to host envs by users to enforce ABI compat as needed</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section" id="active-votes">
<h3>Active votes<a class="headerlink" href="#active-votes" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
</div>
<div class="section" id="subteam-updates">
<h3>Subteam updates<a class="headerlink" href="#subteam-updates" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<div class="section" id="bot">
<h4>Bot<a class="headerlink" href="#bot" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
<div class="section" id="arm">
<h4>ARM<a class="headerlink" href="#arm" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
<div class="section" id="power">
<h4>POWER<a class="headerlink" href="#power" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
<div class="section" id="cuda">
<h4>CUDA<a class="headerlink" href="#cuda" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
<div class="section" id="docs">
<h4>Docs<a class="headerlink" href="#docs" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
<div class="section" id="staged-recipes">
<h4>staged-recipes<a class="headerlink" href="#staged-recipes" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
<div class="section" id="website">
<h4>website<a class="headerlink" href="#website" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
<div class="section" id="security-systems">
<h4>security+systems<a class="headerlink" href="#security-systems" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section" id="ci-infrastructure">
<h3>CI infrastructure<a class="headerlink" href="#ci-infrastructure" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<div class="section" id="compiler-upgrade">
<h4>Compiler upgrade<a class="headerlink" href="#compiler-upgrade" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section" id="cfep-updates">
<h3>CFEP updates<a class="headerlink" href="#cfep-updates" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<div class="section" id="open-prs">
<h4>Open PRs<a class="headerlink" href="#open-prs" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h4>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/7">cfep-04</a> X11 and CDT policy</p>
<ul>
<li><p>INACTIVE - Merge in with some inactive-esque status?</p></li>
<li><p>Needs new champion. Thanks for your work on this pkgw! Has unaddressed comments from pkgw as from Jan 10, 2020</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/9">cfep-06</a> Staged-recipes review lifecycle</p>
<ul>
<li><p>INACTIVE - Merge in with some inactive-esque status?</p></li>
<li><p>Lingering comment from &#64;saraedum. &#64;jakirkham, can you reply? Has unadressed comment from &#64;saraedum from Jan 8, 2020</p></li>
<li><p>(MRB) The stalebot has solved the worst of the issues here. I think we could defer this one permanently.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge-enhancement-proposals/pull/15">cfep-10</a> Feedstock statuses, unmaintained</p>
<ul>
<li><p>INACTIVE - Merge in with some inactive-esque status?</p></li>
<li><p>Needs another review. Has unaddressed updates from pkgw as of Jan 11, 2020</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/23">cfep-12</a> Removing packages that violate the terms of the source package</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Stalled since May 26, 2020</p></li>
<li><p>Active debate about moving to “broken” vs deleting from conda-forge channel</p></li>
<li><p>Active vote, ends on 2020-03-11</p></li>
<li><p>What were the results of the vote?</p></li>
<li><p>Did we hear back from NumFOCUS?</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/32">cfep-17</a> Handling pin backports and dependency rebuilds</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Stalled debate about implementation details between Isuru, CJ and Matt</p></li>
<li><p><strong>UPDATE 2020-07-22</strong>: We in principle have agreement to render the extra pinnings needed directly in the feedstock
on a temporary basis (i.e., until the migration has ended).</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p><a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/conda-forge/cfep/pull/39">cfep-20</a></p></li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>
<div class="section" id="discussion">
<h2>Discussion<a class="headerlink" href="#discussion" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h2>
</div>
<div class="section" id="check-in-on-previous-action-items">
<h2>Check in on previous action items<a class="headerlink" href="#check-in-on-previous-action-items" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h2>
<p>Copy previous action items from last meeting agenda.</p>
<div class="section" id="this-meeting">
<h3>This meeting<a class="headerlink" href="#this-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<p>2020-11-18</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] (IF/MRB/MV) intel oneAPI</p>
<ul>
<li><p>todo</p>
<ul>
<li><p>[ ] (Nikolay) licensing for opencl_rt</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Nikolay) intelmpi ABI compat w/ mpich</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) figure out how exactly to package C/C++ compilers</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB/IF) think about fortran ABI</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (MRB) make conda-forge compilers room (add people including keith)</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[ ] (MB) asking core members to move to “emeritus” status</p>
<ul>
<li><p>[ ] TODO: Eric to set up quarterly check-in for all core members to see if they’re interested in remaining “active” or if they want to move to emeritus</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Remove emeritus folks from having access to various credentials (api tokens, twitter password, etc.)? This would require a change to the governance doc.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section" id="last-meeting">
<h3>Last meeting<a class="headerlink" href="#last-meeting" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<p>2020-11-11</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>TODO: Think about bringing in JOSS to provide context around how we might best write papers</p></li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section" id="meetings-ago">
<h3>2 meetings ago<a class="headerlink" href="#meetings-ago" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<p>2020-11-03</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] (MRB) proposed policy on when core pushes to the feedstocks they don’t maintain
* [x] (MRB) put in docs PR
* [ ] (MRB) make PR on bot to mention the policy</p></li>
<li><p>TODO: Check on Forrest Watters permissions for core</p></li>
<li><p>[x] (FF) Outreachy would cost 6500 USD.</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Next steps: write abstract and vote on spending of funds.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
<div class="section" id="move-to-issue-tracker">
<h3>Move to Issue Tracker<a class="headerlink" href="#move-to-issue-tracker" title="Permalink to this headline">¶</a></h3>
<p>2020-10-28
2020-10-21</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] (Marius?) Python 2.7 migration</p>
<ul>
<li><p>( ) [ ] make a hint</p></li>
<li><p>( ) [ ] make an announcement</p></li>
<li><p>( ) [ ] make the hint a lint</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>2020-10-07</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] Make sure to add the NVBug info to the cudatoolkit package that conda-forge makes (if we make one)</p></li>
</ul>
<p>2020-09-30</p>
<p>2020-09-23</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] (MRB)</p>
<ul>
<li><p>do libgfortran name change</p></li>
<li><p>add target platform to hashes</p></li>
<li><p>do gfortran migration with bot</p></li>
<li><p>bump pinnings</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
<p>2020-09-16</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[x] Get a call set up with Jon Mease about the kaleido staged recipes PR</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Emailed on 2020-09-16</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (FF) Open up a PR on the python feedstock for python 3.9 and see what fails</p></li>
</ul>
<p>2020-09-09</p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] (ED) Update governance docs with similar voting model as what got put into conda-tools (+3 with no -1 is a pass)</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (SC) Write jinja template to turn institutional partners yaml into a website https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/blob/master/src/inst_partners.yaml</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (SC) Document what needs to be done to create an OVH account and get access</p></li>
</ul>
<p>2020-08-26
<strong>Docker hub</strong></p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] (JK) Check in on Azure build workers to see if they have the docker hub limitation.</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (JK) work with dockerhub to see if we can get OSS status</p>
<ul>
<li><p>[ ] Check in again at some point. We haven’t heard back as of 2020-09-23</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[x] (MRB) start pushing images to quay (https://github.com/conda-forge/docker-images/pull/152)</p></li>
</ul>
<p><strong>OVH</strong></p>
<ul class="simple">
<li><p>[ ] (???) build webpage to credit them (and others)</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] If we’re adding a logo, will want to make sure that we have permission to use it.</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Shout-out on twitter at some point. “Thanks forOVHCloud for providing a VM”, etc. (maybe after we ship qt on windows with it?)</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Figure out how to communicate breaking changes to users. Likely should open up an issue immediately for futher discussion. Ping &#64;kkraus, plus capture notes from further up in these meeting notes</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] John K. will update the cuda toolkit feedstock on the git repo to note the NVBug link to the internal NVIDIA issue tracker</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Jonathan will update docs to note that some non-exhaustive list of packages (like cuda-toolkit, MKL, etc.)</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] Jonathan will review this <a class="reference external" href="https://github.com/AnacondaRecipes/cudatoolkit-feedstock/pull/7">PR</a></p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Kale) schedule conda working group</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] cfep-10 next steps: CJ to call a vote for feedback</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] cfep-06 next steps: Ask staged recipes team to champion this CFEP and move it forward</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] jakirkham &amp; CJ-wright to sync on adding CUDA to the migration bot</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Eric) Scheduling Anaconda &lt;-&gt; conda-forge sync on anaconda.org requirements gathering</p>
<ul>
<li><p>Will try and get this scheduled in the next month.</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[ ] (Anthony) Reach out to NumFocus to figure out legal ramifications of not including licenses in files.</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Eric) check internally for funding levels for hotels &amp; flying folks from the community in?</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (Eric) Figure out finances of conda-forge to support themselves?</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (jjhelmus) Open up CFEP for which python’s we’re going to support</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (jakirkham) write a blog post on CUDA stuff we discussed today</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (jakirkham) update docs on how to add CUDA support to feedstocks</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (jakirkham) will open an issue on conda-smithy to investigate Drone issues. (ping the aarch team)</p>
<ul>
<li><p>https://github.com/conda-forge/conda-forge.github.io/issues/954</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[ ] (ED) Who we are page? Some combination of a FAQ and a who is everyone. FAQ things like:</p>
<ul>
<li><p>who’s the POC for CF &lt;&gt; Anaconda, CF &lt;&gt; NumFocus, CF &lt;&gt; Azure</p></li>
<li><p>who’s the POC for the various subteams?</p></li>
<li><p>Informal information: roles, day jobs, bios, the whole nine yards, why you’re here, etc.</p></li>
<li><p>Public or internal? I don’t really care either way. Anyone feel strongly one way or the other?</p></li>
<li><p>opt-in to public bios</p></li>
<li><p>software carpentry has a large number of instructors and has https://carpentries.org/instructors</p></li>
<li><p>some concern about “yet another place to keep stuff up to date”</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li><p>[ ] (ED) document strategies for reproducible environments using conda-forge</p></li>
<li><p>[ ] (UK) Static libraries stuff</p>
<ul>
<li><p>[ ] Add linting hints to builds to find them</p></li>
<li><p>[x] Recommend how to package them -&gt; CFEP-18</p></li>
<li><p>[x] We should write docs saying we don’t provide support and this is a bad idea. -&gt; CFEP-18</p></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</div>
</div>
</div>


          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
      <div class="sphinxsidebar" role="navigation" aria-label="main navigation">
        <div class="sphinxsidebarwrapper">
        <p class="logo"><a href="../../index.html" title="index">
          <img class="logo" src="../../_static/logo_black_on_trans.png" alt="Logo"/>
        </a></p><div class="sphinx-toc sphinxlocaltoc">
    <h3><a href="../../index.html">Overview</a></h3>
    <ul class="current">
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../user/00_intro.html">User Documentation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../maintainer/00_intro.html">Maintainer Documentation</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1 current"><a class="reference internal" href="../00_intro.html">Organisation Documentation</a><ul class="current">
<li class="toctree-l2"><a class="reference internal" href="../guidelines.html">Guidelines</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l2"><a class="reference internal" href="../governance.html">Governance</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l2"><a class="reference internal" href="../subteams.html">A list of current sub-teams</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l2"><a class="reference internal" href="../joining-the-team.html">Joining the team</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l2 current"><a class="reference internal" href="00_intro.html">Core team meeting minutes</a><ul class="current">
<li class="toctree-l3 current"><a class="current reference internal" href="#">2020-11-18 conda-forge core meeting</a><ul>
<li class="toctree-l4"><a class="reference internal" href="#attendees">Attendees</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l4"><a class="reference internal" href="#agenda">Agenda</a><ul>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#standing-items">Standing items</a><ul>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#from-previous-meeting-s">From previous meeting(s)</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#your-new-agenda-items">Your <strong>new</strong>() agenda items</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#pushed-to-next-meeting">Pushed to next meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#active-votes">Active votes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#subteam-updates">Subteam updates</a><ul>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#bot">Bot</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#arm">ARM</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#power">POWER</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#cuda">CUDA</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#docs">Docs</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#staged-recipes">staged-recipes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#website">website</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#security-systems">security+systems</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#ci-infrastructure">CI infrastructure</a><ul>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#compiler-upgrade">Compiler upgrade</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#cfep-updates">CFEP updates</a><ul>
<li class="toctree-l6"><a class="reference internal" href="#open-prs">Open PRs</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toctree-l4"><a class="reference internal" href="#discussion">Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l4"><a class="reference internal" href="#check-in-on-previous-action-items">Check in on previous action items</a><ul>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#this-meeting">This meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#last-meeting">Last meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#meetings-ago">2 meetings ago</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l5"><a class="reference internal" href="#move-to-issue-tracker">Move to Issue Tracker</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-11-11.html">2020-11-11 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-11-03.html">2020-11-03 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-10-28.html">2020-10-28 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-10-21.html">2020-10-21 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-10-14.html">2020-10-14 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-10-07.html">2020-10-07 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-09-30.html">2020-09-30 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-09-16.html">2020-09-16 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-09-09.html">2020-09-09 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-09-02.html">2020-09-02 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-08-26.html">2020-08-26 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-08-19.html">2020-08-19 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-08-12.html">2020-08-12 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-08-05.html">2020-08-05 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-07.29.html">2020-07-29 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-07.22.html">2020-07-22 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-07-15.html">2020-07-15 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-07-08.html">2020-07-08 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-07-01.html">2020-07-01 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-06-22.html">2020-06-22 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-05-27.html">2020-05-27 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-05-13.html">2020-05-13 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-04-29.html">2020-04-29 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-04-15.html">2020-04-15 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-04-01.html">2020-04-01 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-03-18.html">2020-03-18 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-03-04.html">2020-03-04 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-02-19.html">2020-02-19 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-02-05.html">2020-02-05 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-01-22.html">2020-01-22 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2020-01-08.html">2020-01-08 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-11-12.html">2019-11-12 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-10-30.html">2019-10-30 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-10-16.html">2019-10-16 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-10-02.html">2019-10-02 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-09-18.html">2019-09-18 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-09-04.html">2019-09-04 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-08-07.html">2017-08-07 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-07-24.html">2017-07-24 conda-forge core meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-06-26.html">2019-06-26 core dev meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-06-12.html">2019-06-12 Meeting Notes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-05-29.html">2019-05-29 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-05-15.html">2019-05-15 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-04-17.html">2019-04-17 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-04-03.html">2019-04-03 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-03-20.html">2019-03-20 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-03-06.html">2019-03-06 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-02-20.html">2019-02-20 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-02-06.html">2019-02-06 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-01-23.html">2019-01-23 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2019-01-09.html">2019-01-09 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-11-27.html">2018-11-27 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-11-13.html">2018-11-13 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-10-30.html">2018-10-30 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-10-02.html">2018-10-02 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-09-18.html">2018-09-18 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-09-04.html">2018-09-04 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-08-21.html">2018-08-21 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-08-07.html">2018-08-07 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-07-24.html">2018-07-24 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-07-17.html">2018-07-17 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-06-26.html">2018-06-26 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-06-12.html">2018-06-12 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-05-29.html">2018-05-29 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-05-01.html">2018-05-01 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-04-17.html">2018-04-17 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-04-03.html">2018-04-03 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-03-20.html">2018-03-20 conda-forge meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-03-06.html">2018-03-06 meeting agenda</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2018-02-20.html">2018-02-20 meeting notes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-11-16.html">2017-11-16 compiler meeting notes</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-11-16.html#adopting-anaconda-compilers">Adopting Anaconda compilers</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-11-16.html#compiler-flag-unification">Compiler flag unification</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-11-16.html#conda-build-3-strategy-for-moving">Conda-build 3: strategy for moving</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-11-16.html#fortran-support-on-windows">Fortran support on Windows</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-11-16.html#openmp-behavior">OpenMP behavior</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-08-11.html">2017-08-11: General Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-05-10.html">conda-forge meetings</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-05-10.html#general-discussion">2017-05-10: General Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-04-26.html">2017-04-26: General Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2017-01-06.html">2017-01-06: General Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-11-24.html">2016-11-24: General Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-11-17.html">2016-11-17: Operational catchup</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-10-07.html">2016-10-07: General Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-09-23.html">2016-09-23 (postponed from 16th): General Discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-09-09.html">2016-09-09: General discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-08-25.html">2016-08-25: General discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-08-12.html">2016-08-12: General discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-07-22.html">2016-07-22: General discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-06-24.html">2016-06-24: General discussion</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-06-09.html">2016-06-09: Compiler special meeting</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-06-03.html">2016-06-03</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-05-13.html">2016-05-13</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-05-09.html">2016-05-09 Exceptional meeting regarding build customization</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-04-29.html">2016-04-29</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-04-22.html">2016-04-22 Exceptional meeting regarding VC pinning mechanism</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l3"><a class="reference internal" href="2016-04-15.html">2016-04-15</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toctree-l2"><a class="reference internal" href="../cfep-index.html">Index of CFEPs</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l2"><a class="reference internal" href="../getting-in-touch.html">Getting in Touch</a></li>
</ul>
</li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../misc/00_intro.html">Miscellaneous</a></li>
<li class="toctree-l1"><a class="reference internal" href="../../contracting/00_intro.html">Contracting Information</a></li>
</ul>

  </div>
  <div class="sphinxprev">
    <h4>Previous page</h4>
    <p class="topless"><a href="00_intro.html"
                          title="Previous page">&larr; Core team meeting minutes</a></p>
  </div>
  <div class="sphinxnext">
    <h4>Next page</h4>
    <p class="topless"><a href="2020-11-11.html"
                          title="Next page">&rarr; 2020-11-11 conda-forge core meeting</a></p>
  </div>
  <div role="note" aria-label="source link">
    <h3>This Page</h3>
    <ul class="this-page-menu">
      <li><a href="../../_sources/orga/minutes/2020-11-18.md.txt"
            rel="nofollow">Show Source</a></li>
    </ul>
   </div>
<div id="searchbox" style="display: none" role="search">
  <h3 id="searchlabel">Quick search</h3>
    <div class="searchformwrapper">
    <form class="search" action="../../search.html" method="get">
      <input type="text" name="q" aria-labelledby="searchlabel" />
      <input type="submit" value="Go" />
    </form>
    </div>
</div>
<script>$('#searchbox').show(0);</script>
        </div>
      </div>
    
    
        <div class="sidebar-toggle-group no-js">
            
            <button class="sidebar-toggle" id="sidebar-hide" title="Hide the sidebar menu">
                 «
                <span class="show-for-small">hide menu</span>
                
            </button>
            <button class="sidebar-toggle" id="sidebar-show" title="Show the sidebar menu">
                
                <span class="show-for-small">menu</span>
                <span class="hide-for-small">sidebar</span>
                 »
            </button>
        </div>
    
      <div class="clearer"></div>
    </div>
    <div class="relbar-bottom">
        
    <div class="related" role="navigation" aria-label="related navigation">
      <h3>Navigation</h3>
      <ul>
        <li class="right" style="margin-right: 10px">
          <a href="../../genindex.html" title="General Index"
             >index</a></li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="2020-11-11.html" title="2020-11-11 conda-forge core meeting"
             >next</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
        <li class="right" >
          <a href="00_intro.html" title="Core team meeting minutes"
             >previous</a> &nbsp; &nbsp;</li>
    <li><a href="../../index.html">conda-forge 2021.03.15 documentation</a> &#187;</li>

          <li class="nav-item nav-item-1"><a href="../00_intro.html" >Organisation Documentation</a> &#187;</li>
          <li class="nav-item nav-item-2"><a href="00_intro.html" >Core team meeting minutes</a> &#187;</li> 
      </ul>
    </div>
    </div>

    <div class="footer" role="contentinfo">
        &#169; Copyright 2016-2021, conda-forge.
      Created using <a href="http://sphinx-doc.org/">Sphinx</a> 2.4.4.
    </div>
    <!-- cloud_sptheme 1.4 -->
  </body>
</html>